An Elektrum Press
Ashley Pond V
PO Box 2070
El Prado, NM 87529

E-mail: JinxDidnt@aol.com

Element

Element is a Truetypeª font. This font is the third online release from An Elektrum Press and it is share ware. IÕm asking for $5, or a book of stamps, or a box of pasta, or a voodoo doll, or a Bumble-bee shooter, or five pages from your diary, or anything you think is equal in value to this font. US currency is increasingly nothing more than a paper hoax. Barter means more; it's purer capitalism anyway, and untaxable for that matter. If you do anything creative (with computers, photos, or words) send me something in trade. Nothing perishable! I like a little of everything myself, and IÕd really appreciate it. If you pay me anything, I would be glad to send you another font or two for free.

I've seen the share ware fonts online, and by and large they are not that great. I was totally depressed to see the poor quality and slick salesmanship going on. Persons putting incomplete, nearly useless fonts online; acting like theyÕre doing you a big favor if you buy a font that looks like it took an hour to toss together and auto-space. One night I downloaded ten fonts and only two were worth looking at; and one was a memory monster because it wasnÕt edited correctly. As you can see when you bring Element up, it is far from unusable.

Element resembles the old screen display faces when computers were in their fledgling days. The font is made up of intermittent lines. It will print okay at small sizes but it makes a terrific retro-display face. If you need a PC version, e-mail me and I'll see what I can attach back to you. The formatting is different, so unless you're a pro, don't try to convert it yourself.

Please write for info or correspondence. I have over 40 fonts and most of them are much better than what you normally see. Much less expensive too. I can also do custom fonts for the Phonecian scholar in the crowd working on a PhD paper that would be murder to do by hand. If you or a friend have great handwriting send me a couple pages of it and IÕll do it for you if you let me share ware it.

Thanx!

* * *
To install Mac fonts (System 7+, if you don't know how):
Quit all open applications. To check: click on the icon in the upper right corner of your screen. There should only be the "Finder", no other software. It will not let you do it if there are any applications open.
Open your hard drive folder by clicking on it twice.
Find your "System Folder".
Drag (one mouse click and hold) the font file you want to install to the "System Folder" icon and drop it (release the mouse button).
Your computer will say: "Fonts must be stored in...Do you want to...?"
Click "Yes".
That's all there is to it.
* * *

Your pal in Ayn Rand,

jinx (ashley5)



PS: please! if you've down loaded this, let me know what you think! I'd appreciate the feedback. Check out Santa Fe, Karma, Romanette, and American too, other AEP fonts. They're online, they're complete, and they're cool.
Play the message in the sound menu. Ciao, ci veddiamo!